x-pack/filebeat/input/streaming: validate CrowdStrike resource URL origins (#51435)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-streaming.md

The Crowdstrike streaming input requires OAuth2.0 as described in the Crowdstrike documentation for the API. When using the Crowdstrike streaming type, the `crowdstrike_app_id` configuration field must be set. This field specifies the `appId` parameter sent to the Crowdstrike API. See the Crowdstrike documentation for details.

> The feed and refresh URLs returned by the Crowdstrike discover endpoint are validated against the configured URL's origin before any request is made. By default, both URLs must share the same registrable domain (e.g. `crowdstrike.com`) as the configured `url`. If the discover response returns URLs on a different domain, you can allowlist additional origins with the `resource_origins` option.

Reviewer: A nit (per our [style guide](https://www.elastic.co/docs/contribute-docs/style-guide/word-choice)):

```suggestion
The feed and refresh URLs returned by the Crowdstrike discover endpoint are validated against the configured URL's origin before any request is made. By default, both URLs must share the same registrable domain (for example, `crowdstrike.com`) as the configured `url`. If the discover response returns URLs on a different domain, you can allowlist additional origins with the `resource_origins` option.
```
